[NARRATOR] Two years have passed
since the War of the Best
in Marineford.
Reuniting after their
special training,
Luffy and his crew continue
on to the New World.
Their first stop
is Fishman Island,
thousands of feet
below sea level,
where trouble seems to
find them wherever they go.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones,
plot to overthrow King Neptune
and rule the kingdom.
They have teamed up
with Vander Decken,
who has eyes on
the mermaid princess.
The Straw Hat Pirates are now
entrenched in the conflict.
As Luffy escorted the
princess to the Sea Forest,
Vander Decken
blocked their path.
[DECKEN]
I found you, Princess!
I suspect!
Ba ho ho ho ho!
C'mere, sweetie!
Oh, no. Please, not now.
[DECKEN] Ugh! Quit sticking
your butt into my business!
This is between us!
[grunts]
All right.
Now Gum-Gum... Jet...
...Hammer!
[LUFFY]
Okay, Shark! Get movin'!
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile, at the
palace, Zoro and the others
wage battle with Hordy after
his New Fishman Pirates
launched a plan to sneak inside.
[HORDY]
Your era's at an end!
You miserable,
worthless primate!
[ZORO]
One-Sword Style... Lion Strike!
[LUFFY]
"The Straw Hats Defeated?!
Hordy Gains Control
of the Ryugu Palace!"
[PIRATES gasping]
[USOPP]
Zoro!
[PIRATE A]
Boss!
[PIRATE B]
How did a human
cut down one of us
in the water?
And not just any Fishman,
but Hordy?
Where does that power come from?
[ZORO]
I gotta get some air!
Kill him!
We can't let him get away!
Don't be afraid,
he's strong, but he's human!
He's gotta be close to drowning!
Move in and surround him!
Take an energy steroid,
just to be sure!
[PIRATES chuckling]
You're screwed now!
Kill 'em all!
Neptune's army, too!
[PIRATES yell]
[ZORO]
Not good.
[PIRATE F cackling]
[NEPTUNE]
What's happening?
It's as if a wave of madness
has washed over them.
Zoro!
[PIRATES chuckling]
Is he okay?
He's still down there!
Why won't he come up?
I feel sick.
If I can't get out of this
water, my lunch is coming up.
[USOPP]
What should we do?
[PIRATE C yells]
Die! Tear him to shreds!
[PIRATES laughing]
All you can do now
is try to hold us off!
Might as well quit!
You're running out
of air, aren't you?
[laughs]
Can't find a way out, huh?
'Cause there isn't one.
Now die!
[ZORO] No way I'm losing
to some thug like you.
One-Sword Style...
...Thirty Six Caliber Phoenix!
[PIRATES yelling]
Damn it, ignore him for now!
Kill everyone else!
[USOPP]
Zoro!
[NEPTUNE] Soon, the room
will be completely submerged.
Come here and hold on,
so that we may flee together.
[PIRATES laugh]
[NEPTUNE] There is something
unnatural about their strength.
My army is highly skilled
and they've made quick work
of them.
I have to save my men and
I have to save my kingdom.
Here, you should be able
to secure some air with this.
Oh, good, thanks!
[NEPTUNE]
Hang onto me tightly.
This may get rough.
You got it!
[NEPTUNE]
There's no more time to spare!
[USOPP] Zoro, swim faster,
we gotta get outta here!
[NEPTUNE] I only hope that
my back doesn't give out
when I need it most.
[PIRATES chuckling]
[NEPTUNE]
Ready yourselves, my soldiers.
I shall create a path for you!
We shall retreat
to fight another day!
Merman... Combat!
Take this! You're gonna need it!
[NEPTUNE]
Here we go!
[yelling]
Neptune's up to something.
Get ready!
Zoro!
[NEPTUNE]
Ultramarine!
[PIRATES yelling]
[NEPTUNE grunts]
All soldiers, forward!
[FISHMEN]
Sir!
[NEPTUNE] Ride the current
and retreat from the palace!
[PIRATE C]
Damn it!
I didn't think they'd pull back!
Now what?
Here, take one of these, boss!
That'll fix you right up!
[FISHMAN A]
Don't look back!
We're almost there!
[FISHMAN B] Pass through the
gate and head inland!
[USOPP]
We gotta move, Old Man!
Pull it together!
[NEPTUNE] Truly, there is
nothing so terrible as old age.
My will is strong, but my
body will not budge an inch.
Not now!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
The king is injured!
[FISHMAN C]
Your highness!
[USOPP]
Aw crap, what should we do?
[NEPTUNE] Nothing.
This is the end, I'm afraid.
What? No!
[PIRATES chuckling]
[HOE]
Whale!
[NEPTUNE gasps]
Hoe!
[HOE vocalizes]
[NEPTUNE]
We're saved!
[HOE vocalizes]
[NEPTUNE]
I owe you my life, Hoe!
Ow, darn it all,
I can't even turn my head!
[USOPP]
You're not that old!
Well done, Hoe!
Now come join us, and hurry!
[USOPP]
Faster!
[ZORO]
I'm gonna pass out!
[HOE grunting]
What's wrong now?
[NEPTUNE]
Hm?
[USOPP] Did we get snagged
on something back there?
[HORDY chuckling]
[USOPP yelps]
[HOE vocalizes]
Oh, no, your highness!
Hordy grabbed him!
He can't pull away!
The pirates aren't
fleeing either!
I thought that swordsman
took care of him already!
Why the hell is he giving
us so much trouble?
Minister!
Let's go back!
At this rate,
the king could be killed!
[NEPTUNE]
I told you to retreat, didn't I?
[FISHMEN gasp]
[NEPTUNE]
All is not lost if you escape!
Bring my sons and
we may see victory yet!
[FISHMEN gasp]
There's no time!
Do as our lord commands!
[FISHMEN]
Yes, sir!
[PIRATE D]
Boss, they're getting away!
Should we go after them?
[HORDY]
Let 'em run.
What do we care?
Soldiers who can't
protect their king
are no threat to us.
Speaking of the king,
tie him up in case he gets
his strength back.
[PIRATES]
Yes, sir!
[NEPTUNE]
I have failed you this time.
But so long as my allies live,
the battle is not over!
[chuckling]
[PIRATE O]
Whoa, what's that?
[PIRATE N] Dunno. Maybe the
water washed in an old corpse?
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Prince Fukaboshi.
[FUKABOSHI] Have you any
news regarding the missing
Straw Hat Pirates?
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
No sir.
Nothing of use, at least.
The patrons of this clothing
store saw Straw Hat
and three others shopping,
but they were apparently all
taken away by King Neptune.
Well, that would
account for the members
who seized the palace,
but none other.
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Yes sir.
Then where could they be?
What do we know about
the two crew members
who were seen in
Coral Hill earlier today?
We asked around,
but no luck so fa-so-la!
[FUKABOSHI]
Alas.
This may prove more
complicated than I had hoped.
Shake it, shake shake
it, it'll be fine, bro!
Maybe we should
call the palace again
and see if there's something
they're not telling us.
--[TRANSPONDER SNAIL rings]
--Hey, maybe that's them now!
[AMMO KNIGHT B]
Prince Fukaboshi! Sir!
--Come in!
--Uh-oh.
Yes, this is Fukaboshi.
[AMMO KNIGHT B] There's an
urgent situation over here
in Waterwheel Town.
We're requesting assistance.
Please explain.
[AMMO KNIGHT B] Men from the
Fishman District suddenly
invaded the town.
They have some grudge
against the queen.
[yelps]
Sorry, but this
is invite only, pal.
Wait, what do you
mean they have a grudge
against my mother?
Tell me! Are you there?
To Waterwheel Town, quickly!
[AMMO KNIGHTS]
Yes, sir!
[IKAROS]
Are they gone?
[PIRATE E] Yeah, to deal
with the others, I'd guess.
[IKAROS]
This is a mess.
Dosun couldn't wait
for the rest of us?
I know he's eager to fight,
but the whole point
was to attack
everyplace at once.
Whatever.
No point in complaining now.
Listen up, men!
This is the day that our
dreams finally come true!
Draw your swords and fight
for a better tomorrow!
[PIRATES]
Yeah!
[LUFFY]
Ooh!
So this is the Sea Forest, huh?
I see why you
wanted to come here!
Thank you.
I've wanted to see
this place for so long.
You have no idea
how much this means.
[MEGALO grunts]
[CHOPPER] Hopefully we can get
some peace and quiet here.
Mermaids! Whoo!
Oh, man.
[LUFFY]
Look, it's the Sunny!
Hey, you're right!
And I see Franky, too!
[LUFFY]
Hey, what's up!
I didn't know you were here!
Cool place, huh?
[FRANKY]
Wow! Look who it is!
[FRANKY] Whoa.
Is that your new girlfriend?
You always did like to aim big.
[LUFFY chuckles]
Let me introduce you.
This here is "Crybaby."
Doesn't look like
a crybaby to me.
Tell me, sister, do you
live up to your name?
Maybe a little bit.
You may call me Shirahoshi
if you please.
[LUFFY] So, uh, you're
the only one here?
[FRANKY]
'Fraid so.
Robin stopped by earlier,
but she had some Robin business
to attend to.
She went to that big
forest of coral over there.
Who knows when she'll be back.
[LUFFY]
Hmm.
[footsteps]
[JIMBEI]
Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[JIMBEI chuckles]
It's Jimbei!
Awesome! You're here too!
I'm so pleased that you made it.
[LUFFY chuckles]
You've grown even
stronger than before.
I can tell.
People said you
couldn't come to town,
so I was afraid I wouldn't
get to see you.
[JIMBEI] I thought you came
here because you received
my message.
Hm? What message?
I didn't hear anything.
[JIMBEI]
Hm. Most peculiar.
A pleasure to see you, Jimbei.
It's been ever so long!
Yes.
What an unexpected meeting,
but a welcome one.
To what do I owe the-- Wha--?!
What are you doing here?!
Shouldn't you be in the palace?
Do you have a sec, Franky?
I need some help getting Sanji
and Hachi off this shark.
[FRANKY]
You got it!
Oh! It's the octopus guy!
[HACHI]
Nyuu...
[FRANKY] Looks like you
took a beating, brother!
Hachi? What?!
You're injured!
What happened?
Scratch that.
What are you doing
on Fishman Island?
[JIMBEI] I heard that
Arlong was captured,
so I assumed you were as well.
Nyuu. Long story.
Maybe later.
[CHOPPER]
Franky!
Let's get Sanji too!
[SANJI] That's all right.
I'm feeling better.
[SANJI]
The Mermaid Princess at last!
Standing here. I see.
How inadequate
my imagination was!
Even with all
the colors in my heart,
I could never paint a picture
as lovely as you!
--Uh-huh?
--No blood loss!
He's being annoying,
but also sort of cool!
The old Sanji is back!
Alas!
Such beauty as yours is too
vast to fit on any canvas!
Every shade in the world
is reduced to gray before you!
Is something wrong?
You're so noisy!
Huh?
What is Princess
Shirahoshi doing here?
Hey, who the hell is that guy?
That's my ship, buddy, get off!
Don't flip out, Captain,
this guy's a shipwright.
Tom's brother, actually.
His name's Den.
He's doing the recoating.
Oh, then why didn't
you just say so?
He lives in a den and he's
recoating your brother for you,
huh?
Sure. Close enough, I guess.
[DEN chuckles]
[JIMBEI]
I mean no disrespect, Princess.
I know why you would
come here, but...
Again?
Didn't I kick
his ass hard enough?
How many of these
is he gonna throw?
Get over it, man!
What a mess!
What were you thinking, Luffy?
The princess
could have been killed!
C'mon, have a little faith!
She's got me to save her!
Yep!
She's not scared.
[LUFFY] So that's the grave
she wanted to see so bad?
She's been at this
an awful long time.
[JIMBEI]
That is her mother's grave.
A monument to Queen Otohime.
Vander Decken's
relentless pursuit began
right after the death
of the queen.
Shirahoshi was denied
any chance at closure.
And even worse,
she was unable to attend
her mother's funeral.
She's spent every
day since locked
in the Hard Shell Tower.
I'm sure that over
the years all the things
she wanted to tell her mother
kept piling up in her heart.
[NAMI]
Luffy!
[CAMIE]
Luffychin!
[LUFFY]
Nami! Camie!
Oh, hey!
See there? That's the boss!
That's Jimbei down
there with Luffy!
[CAMIE] Oh. Princess
Shirahoshi is here too.
What?!
[LUFFY]
Hey!
You ever have that
banquet or what?
[SANJI]
Nami-swan!
[CHOPPER]
He's okay now.
Hatchin!
What in the world happened?
Camie.
[JIMBEI]
Hordy did this?
So that's what's it's come to.
To think that they
were even able to
infiltrate the palace.
This is a dire situation indeed.
What about everyone else?
They're not hurt, are they?
I hope not.
But let's hurry back just
in case things got worse.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
My father! No!
How could they do
such a thing to him?
To such a kind and gentle man!
[crying]
[JIMBEI]
I've failed you, Luffy.
I left you that message
to avoid a fight like this.
I didn't want to get you
dragged into our struggles.
Yet here we are, and it's even
worse than I ever feared.
[FRANKY]
Hm?
[JIMBEI] We must make haste,
but humor me for a moment.
There is something
I should have told Luffy
two years ago when we first met.
Though it means even more now.
I owe a debt of gratitude
to the people who stopped
Arlong from running wild
in the East Blue.
He had done more than
enough harm already.
I understand that it was
you who defeated him.
So I express a long
overdue thank you for that.
And though it pains me,
I must apologize as well.
Don't say it.
Eleven years ago,
Arlong was locked away
by the Government,
and even knowing what
evils he was capable of...
...I freed him.
[NARRATOR] As Jimbei reveals
a piece of history,
Nami remembers her tragic past.
Sanji resents Jimbei
for his involvement,
but Nami gives him
a chance to speak.
The Fishman begins
a tale from years ago,
when two famous figures fought
to undo the animosity
that existed between
humans and his kind.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Haunting Ties!
Nami and the Fishman Pirates!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!